Story: The model aircraft that Wang Yan made fell out of the sky a minute after take-off. However, when she examined the model aircraft, she found a part that might improve the model. How would she feel at this time?  Options: (1)Expectation (2)Excited (3)Joy (4)Chagrin
Story: Although Li usually takes care of her lifestyle and diet, she still got a malignant tumor. There is little hope of curing the tumor now, and Li can do nothing about it. How would Li feel at this time?  Options: (1)Desperation (2)Fear (3)Helpless (4)Sadness
Story: The last maths question was very difficult during the Olympic Mathematics competition, and Xu Dong failed to solve it. After the exam, he was still struggling to figure it out. Suddenly a light came to him, and he thought of a way to solve the problem. How would he feel at this time?  Options: (1)Regretted (2)Excited (3)Frustration (4)Pride
Story: During the lunch break, Li Shuo listened to the story of a sportsman who set a new world record.  This sportsman was disabled but determined, trained hard, overcame many difficulties, and finally won the championship for China. How would Li Shuo feel at this time?  Options: (1)Be touched (2)Ashamed (3)Pride (4)Joy
Story: Pan Xiang was asked by his father to score 80 points on his final test, or he would be punished. Pan Xiang finished the test and felt the most he could do was 70 points. How would Pan Xiang feel at this time?  Options: (1)Anxiety (2)Fear (3)Tension (4)Frustration
Story: Wang Li is eating in the canteen and finds the food very unpalatable. At that moment he receives a parcel from his mother, containing his favorite food. How would Wang Li feel at this time?  Options: (1)Love (2)Be touched (3)Joy (4)Surprised
Story: Hu Xin is transferring to another school. Her classmates gave her a big farewell party. How would she feel at this time?  Options: (1)Be touched (2)Sad (3)Love (4)Joy
Story: Uncle Wu was worried about his health and went to the hospital for a full medical check-up. The doctor told him that his medical check-up proved that he was in good health. How would Uncle Wu feel now?  Options: (1)Relaxing (2)Joy (3)Puzzled (4)Expectation
Story: Xiao Ming won no prize in the maths competition, but his mum and dad did not blame him and still bought him the guitar of his dreams. How would Xiao Ming feel at this time?  Options: (1)Ashamed (2)Love (3)Joy (4)Surprised
Story: On his way from school, Zhang Chao found some guys holding sticks and trying to catch a dog. The dog had already received a few sticks and was dying. How would Zhang Chao feel at this time?  Options: (1)Anger (2)Sympathetic (3)Disgustful (4)Sad
Story: When Li Ming saw an old grandmother fall down on the side of the road, he rushed to help her. It turned out that the grandmother insisted that Li Ming had hit her, and the court sentenced Li Ming to pay 100,000 yuan for medical expenses. How would Li Ming feel at this time?  Options: (1)Anger (2)Disgustful (3)Disappointment (4)Regretted
Story: Grandpa Li went to the United States fifty years ago and has not returned ever since. Today, he ate the water-milled rice cakes he had eaten as a child again and repeatedly said, "This is the taste I remember!" How would Grandpa Li feel at this time?  Options: (1)Satisfied (2)Miss (3)Joy (4)Excited
Story: Lin Zhi was taking part in a 1,000-metre long-distance running race, and he had been holding first place just before the finish line. Nearing the finish line, a man suddenly came up and overtook him. How would Lin Zhi feel at this time?  Options: (1)Anger (2)Frustration (3)Surprised (4)Annoyance
Story: Xiao Cao was in a hurry to get home to watch the ball game at 8 pm, but it was already 9 pm when he got home. It turned out that when he turned on the TV, he found that the ball game had been postponed just in time for the start. How would Xiao Cao feel at this time?  Options: (1)Puzzled (2)Joy (3)Excited (4)Surprised
Story: When Yang Xia saw that the TV news was showing a 5-magnitude earthquake in her parents' city, she rushed to call her parents and found out that the tremor was felt but not serious in her parents' area. How would Yang Xia feel at this time?  Options: (1)Lucky (2)Relaxing (3)Worries (4)Love
Story: Yang Rui's small restaurant has been losing business lately, with fewer and fewer customers. He held a "buy one, get one free" promotion, but it had little effect, and the number of customers was still decreasing. He has no idea why. How would Yang rui feel at this time?  Options: (1)Surprised (2)Worries (3)Frustration (4)Puzzled
Story: Li Qiang had organized a party and invited some of his best friends. Suddenly, one of his friends went out to answer a phone call and returned sullenly without saying what had happened. How would Li Qiang feel at this time?  Options: (1)Worries (2)Puzzled (3)Embarrassment (4)Surprised
Story: Li Hui is leaving for university abroad, and she and her parents are packing her bags. Incidentally, she overhears her parents discussing that they don't want her to go abroad and can't bear to see her leave their side. How would Li Hui feel at this time?  Options: (1)Expectation (2)Love (3)Annoyance (4)Sadness
Story: Tang Jun takes some friends to the mountains in his new car. On the way, the car suddenly runs out of fuel, and Tang Jun suggests that his friends wait for him where they are while he goes to borrow a car and then drives to the nearest petrol station to buy some petrol. However, one of his friends disagreed with Tang Jun's approach, but he couldn't propose anything better. What would Tang Jun feel at this time?  Options: (1)Helpless (2)Annoyance (3)Disgustful (4)Anger
Story: He Nian shows his previously completed work in front of all his teachers and classmates. He was unsure whether everyone would like the work, so he asked everyone's opinion at the end of the presentation, but no one answered. How would He Nian feel at this time?  Options: (1)Embarrassment (2)Puzzled (3)Frustration (4)Tension
Story: Yangyang asked his dad to make a swing in the yard of their house, but his dad told him to go on his own. Yangyang and some of his buddies then worked together and finally installed a swing in the yard. How would Yangyang feel at this time?  Options: (1)Pride (2)Satisfied (3)Joy (4)Excited
Story: Han Hong never received the news informing her to apply for the scholarship, so she missed the first round of scholarship applications. However, she went to her teacher's office to ask about it and was told she could apply for the second round. How would Han Hong feel at this time?  Options: (1)Lucky (2)Expectation (3)Joy (4)Relaxing
Story: During the class president election process, Xiao Yun wanted to apply to be the class president but felt that she was not competent enough, so she did not participate in the election. However, a person with less ability than her later won the position of class president. How would Xiao Yun feel at this time?  Options: (1)Regretted (2)Anger (3)Surprised (4)Frustration
Story: Lin Hai, a trainee doctor, disagrees with a treatment plan proposed by his supervising doctor because he has read in an authoritative article that such treatment plans are much harmful to this type of patient, but the supervising doctor says that he has treated other patients this way before without any problem and tells him to follow it. How would Lin Hai feel at this time?  Options: (1)Surprised (2)Contempt (3)Frustration (4)Anger
Story: Li Bin and a friend attended a summer camp where they had to work together on a presentation, and Li Bin was usually shy, so he volunteered to collect information. But as his friend had a sore throat, in the end, Li Bin had to give the presentation on stage. How would Li Bin feel at this time?  Options: (1)Tension (2)Fear (3)Annoyance (4)Expectation
Story: The team that Li Lei was working with was doing very well, completing far more than any other team each quarter. But the company suddenly decides to ask them to work on a project with a team whose work is of very poor quality. How would Li Lei feel at this time?  Options: (1)Worries (2)Helpless (3)Anger (4)Disgustful
Story: Han Mei has been living abroad for 15 years. She recently returned to visit her family and found that every aspect of her hometown had changed. How would Han Mei feel at this time?  Options: (1)Surprised (2)Excited (3)Pride (4)Expectation
Story: Today is the day when the results of the mid-term exams will be announced, and the top 100 in the grade will be posted for public display. Liu Xing feels that he performed particularly well in this exam, and he feels that he should be on the list. However, when he reads the list from beginning to end, he finds that his name is absent. How would Liu Xing feel at this time?  Options: (1)Disappointment (2)Surprised (3)Puzzled (4)Frustration
Story: The big family that Li Lei lives in is very harmonious, and he is very close to his family. Recently, he was offered a very good job opportunity, but in a different city. How would Li Lei feel at this time?  Options: (1)Annoyance (2)Expectation (3)Worries (4)Joy
Story: Jiang Rui has heard that their company is on a downward spiral, and his job is likely to be untenable. But the company officially denied the news. How would Jiang Rui feel at this time?  Options: (1)Worries (2)Puzzled (3)Relaxing (4)Joy
Story: Zhao Kai had just moved up to high school, and he was casually walking around campus, entering the archives and rummaging through materials at will. As a result, he was disciplined by the school because access to the archives was strictly forbidden, but he was not aware of this when he entered. How would Zhao Kai feel at this time?  Options: (1)Aggrieved (2)Regretted (3)Anger (4)Frustration
Story: Tang Hua's large family has always lived together in a large compound. He was recently moving into a new home and wanted to invite all the family members to celebrate in his new home. How would Tang Hua feel at this time?  Options: (1)Joy (2)Love (3)Expectation (4)Pride
Story: Li Chengda's maths teacher is very strict and has a strong sense of time. This morning, Lee was half an hour late for his maths class, but his maths teacher did not say anything. How would Li Chengda feel at this time?  Options: (1)Surprised (2)Puzzled (3)Ashamed (4)Fear
Story: Wang Chong entered a maths competition but felt he had not performed to his capacity. However, the competition results came out, and Wang Chong got the top 10 places. How would Wang Chong feel at this time?  Options: (1)Surprised (2)Joy (3)Puzzled (4)Pride
Story: After the college entrance exam, Jiang Wen realized that his grandfather had died a week before. His parents held off telling him so as not to affect his college entrance exams. How would Jiang Wen feel at this time?  Options: (1)Sadness (2)Regretted (3)Anger (4)Surprised
Story: On his way to school, Li Shuo saw a car knock down a little boy and drove off without stopping. How would Li Shuo feel at this time?  Options: (1)Anger (2)Sadness (3)Disgustful (4)Surprised
Story: Wu Hao found that a few students were cheating in an exam, and the teacher did nothing about it. After the test, those students were still smug about their actions. How would Wu Hao feel at this time?  Options: (1)Anger (2)Disgustful (3)Contempt (4)Surprised
Story: Xu Jing bought a magazine while she was waiting for the bus. It happened to contain a report on a writer she liked very much who had plagiarized, and the report gave irrefutable evidence. How would Xu Jing feel at this time?  Options: (1)Disappointment (2)Surprised (3)Anger (4)Contempt
Story: Han Feng and his classmate went to a stationery shop to buy stationery. He suddenly noticed that his classmate had secretly taken some stationery from the shop and put it in his pocket. How would Hang Feng feel at this time?  Options: (1)Surprised (2)Disappointment (3)Embarrassment (4)Disgustful
Story: Zheng Jiajia and her friend had arranged to watch a movie together, but her friend was unpunctual, and by the time her friend arrived, she was already late for the movie, but her friend didn't even say a word of apology. How would Zheng Jiajia feel at this time?  Options: (1)Disappointment (2)Anger (3)Disgustful (4)Frustration