Do you think fruit is cheap now?	Xiao Zhu is very good at playing computer games.	
Can Cho fix the printer herself?	My new plaid shirts are so pretty.	
How is the sale of these goods going?	I'm going to get in another 3,000 of them.	
Mr. Li is sick. Can he still do his classes?	The mobile phone signal in this building is always bad.	
Are these strawberries natural?	A hundred-year-old tree was removed to build the building.	
Do you usually eat breakfast?	I always get up at noon.	
Does your dad easily get flushed after drinking?	Now we all go to class at 8:30 in the morning.	
Would you like to go to dinner together?	I'm losing weight.	
Did you forget your napkin again?	Xiao Wang's paper has just been accepted by a magazine.	
Why are you so good at chess?	My father used to be in international competitions.	
Has the temperature in Beijing dropped recently?	That lawyer is so impotent.	
Have you prepared a lunch for me to take to school?	Here's twenty dollars for you.	
Has Mr. Lin's mobile phone been repaired yet?	Call her office number.	
What if I can't get up in the morning?	These shoes get dirty easily, remember to brush them often.	
How was the dress you bought by group purchasing last week?	I had a high rate of turning heads on the street yesterday.	
Is Sun good at his job?    	I'll never recruit students from PTU again.	
It's spring. Why is it still so cold?	I think black sesame paste is much better than soya milk.	
Why didn't you take a taxi back instead of the bus at this time of night?	My family is saving up to buy a house.	
Why hasn't the lock on the lab been fixed?	My lips are not dry anymore after using the new lip balm I bought.	
Where do you want to go on the May Day holiday?	Yesterday's football match was great.	
Where is everyone gone?	The new coffee shop is having a buy one get one free event.	
Is Maggy going on a trip to Turkey?	The new graph pins are so hard to use.	
Are you continuing to be a tutor?	My family has stopped paying for my living expenses.	
Why do they still let people sell pirated DVDs now?	My bus card was actually found again.	
Does Xiao Ming sing Jacky Cheung's songs in a nice way?	He's gone to fix the computer.	
Shall I make you some more noodles?	Look, my tummy is bulging.	
Where are my glasses?	I've recently started to enjoy listening to the opera.	
Is it hard to live in the countryside this time?	I miss the meals at home beyond measure.	
Can I borrow your bike?	I'll have to talk to Mr Thief about it.	
Are you afraid of ghost stories?	Summer came too late this year.	
Your company hasn't moved away from the railway tracks yet, has it?	Alas, every day is a noisy distraction.	
How was the date yesterday?	Prices have gone up and surprisingly even school fees have gone up.	
Do you ever have a dog at home?	Some people think that amaranth are bitter.	
Has Xiao Li put on weight lately?	She can't wear any of her old clothes anymore.	
Do you know where there's a gas station?	I don't live nearby.	
Aren't you bad with directions?	If you really can't sleep, you might as well go to bed later.	
How about going shopping together?	There's an advanced mathematics exam this Friday.	
Have you finished your homework?	Make me a cup of coffee.	
What is the focal length of your telescope?	My wallet was stolen.	
Was "Confucius" good?	The flowers in the garden are already blooming.	
How much longer do you need me to wait?	You can make some tea and drink it.	
Xiao Wang, are you going to the hairdresser to get your hair cut?	Last night's hotpot was delicious!	
When do the swallows usually fly back?	This hard drive is too small in capacity.	
How about the new headphones?	It should only be worth two dollars.	
Do you think Xiao Wang looks good in a braid?	With my new wallet, I won't worry about not being able to fit so many cards.	
Have you been busy lately?	The circles under my eyes are so dark that I could play panda.	
Did you go to the class last Friday night?	There was a Jay Chou concert that night, so I was "sick".	
Was there a power cut at home yesterday?	I like pears, but oranges are too sour.	
Did Mr. Zhang have a good class today?	There was a lot of sleeping down there.	
Isn't it your turn to do the dishes?	But I had gone shopping and done my laundry	
Is this LCD screen bigger than our TV screen?	I had an appointment with Xiao Wang for coffee in the evening.	
Where did you get your hair cut?	Stop talking, it still cost me $40.	
Didn't your boyfriend go away on a business trip?	What you just saw was my cousin.	
How long has it been since you've used a pen?	Remember to call Chang in the evening.	
How much detergent is left?	Dolla Promotion is still pretty good	
Do you like poets or scientists?	People say my best feature is my rationality.	
Is your new fancy wallet authentic?	That cost me a full two months' salary.	
How about replacing this lamp with an energy-saving one?	Seeing those old photos was like going back in time.	
Do you like cilantro?	Dad advised me to make more friends.	
Where are the sausages?	Our dog must be very happy now.	
Did you have a good noon nap?	The neighbour's child has been crying.	
Do you want to go to the dentist this week?	The best feature of this phone is its long standby time.	
Have you seen the ballet lately?	Many of the students in Miss Kobayashi's class have a cold.	
Was the inspection team happy with our work?	The boss said he would give an extra bonus this month.	
Has the school library been repaired?	The migrant workers have been on strike for two months because they are owed wages.	
Do you think the beige canvas shoes look good?	Shanghai is all about getting change in coins.	
How old were you when you started practicing calligraphy?	Although good medicine is bitter, it is good for healing	
Are you going home to work after graduation, or are you staying in Beijing?	Mum says she always dreams of me.	
Is this hiking bag a fake?	I want to eat instant noodles.	
Can I have your mobile number?	I'm more used to checking my email.	
Do you like roses or lilies?	Blue jeans can be worn with many types of clothes.	
Does the new Dell laptop work well?	Don't water the flowers too much or they will die.	
Where's the car?	Dad went to the supermarket.	
What's King up to apart from class?	He hasn't asked for living expenses from home since his sophomore year.	
Do I need to shave?	Bananas are actually more nutritious than watermelons.	
Is Xiao Huang good at basketball?	This jar of honey tastes so good.	
Do you really feel happy now?	He didn't lie and he didn't betray me.	
Did you forget your swimming costume?	I should have bought a photoelectric mouse earlier.	
Is Cho a suspect?	He recently bought two houses and he didn't win the lottery.	
Which shop did you buy this new dress from?	My mother has been a tailor for 20 years.	